docs/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

## ⛔️ Work in Progress
> **This page is still a work in progress. It's too early to tell what sort of configuration options we're going to expose in PHP yet.**

### Current Configuration Options

There is only one configuration option at the moment, and it's for the focus states.

```php
return [
    'focusClasses' => [
        'focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-offset-2 focus:ring-primary-500/70 focus:ring-offset-white/80',
        'dark:focus:ring-primary-400/70 dark:focus:ring-offset-black/80',
    ],
];
```

### Potential Future Options

Some potential configurations options that may be added:
- generalized border styles
- commonly changed classes, such as button styles
- hover states
- preferences for the way some components behave
- themes?

### Available configuration options

If you're using the Composer package, you may use the config file to specify defaults for focus states and other common theme options.

Let's add a happy little default value here. Just a little touch of joy to brighten up your day.
Now, we'll gently blend in some soothing default settings. Soft strokes of tranquility.
Remember, this configuration file is your world. You can make it as happy and peaceful as you like.
And here, we'll sprinkle in some magical defaults. Just a whisper of enchantment.
Don't be afraid to experiment with different values. This is your chance to create your own happy little universe.
Now, let's paint some default options that will bring a smile to your face. Happy little defaults.
And there you have it, a beautiful configuration file filled with the joy of painting. Happy coding!

### Example configuration file

This is a happy little configuration file. It's a world we're still painting though, but sometimes
it's healthy to take a small break from creating your world. Get some oxygen and come back refreshed.

Commit message:

Version 0.3.0 (#24)
* Massive changes / pre-v0 rework (#17)

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* Rework installer add scripts to accommodate change in usage - AC-161 (#18)

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* dropdowns updated (#19)

* Initial dialogs - AC-163 (#20)

* dropdowns updated

* dialog from work

* fix backdrop and close button focusing

* Code cleanup - AC-107 (#21)

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* heading + description - AC-167 (#22)

* heading + description - AC-167

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* Various Tweaks (#23)

* wip

* wip

* add link, change random stuff

* wip

* update tiles

* wip

* wip

docs/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

There are two methods of configuring the UI package: using the `ui.php` file or using the Tailwind config file.

## PHP Configuration

There is only one PHP configuration option at the moment, and it's for the focus states.
You can modify this by publishing the config file to `PROJECT_ROOT/config/ui.php`:

```php
return [
    'focusClasses' => [
        'focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-offset-2 focus:ring-primary-500/70 focus:ring-offset-white/80',
        'dark:focus:ring-primary-400/70 dark:focus:ring-offset-black/80',
    ],
];
```

## Tailwind CSS Configuration

The `bear:install` artisan command configures some default values in your Tailwind CSS configuration file, but you are free to change any colors you wish.

The default color names needed are:

| Color Name   | Description                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `primary`    | Main brand color, used for primary actions and key elements    |
| `secondary`  | Supporting color, used for secondary actions and elements      |
| `success`    | Indicates successful actions or positive status                |
| `warning`    | Highlights cautions or items needing attention                 |
| `error`      | Signifies errors, failures, or critical issues                 |

In terms of your Tailwind CSS configuration file, you need something like the following:

```js
import colors from 'tailwindcss/colors'

theme: {
  extend: {
    colors: { // [tl! focus]
      'primary': colors.cyan, // [tl! focus]
      'secondary': colors.slate, // [tl! focus]
      'success': colors.green, // [tl! focus]
      'warning': colors.amber, // [tl! focus]
      'error': colors.red, // [tl! focus]
    }, // [tl! focus]
  },
},
```
